# Problem Statement :
Exploratory Data Analysis ( EDA ) plays a major role in understanding the data and its inferences.
You are given a file ( pivot.csv ) that contains the daily sales data of the drugs that were sold ( sales and units ) for September 2019.
You are required to infer from the data, about what drug sold the most ( and worst ) and what contributed highest to the revenue.

# Data Description:

1. Date - Date when the sales happened.
2. Drug1 - Units sold of Drug 1
3. Drug2 - Units sold of Drug 2
4. Drug3 - Units sold of Drug 3
5. Drug4 - Units sold of Drug 4
6. Drug5 - Units sold of Drug 5
7. Drug6 - Units sold of Drug 6
8. Drug7 - Units sold of Drug 7
9. Drug8 - Units sold of Drug 8
10. Drug1_Sales - Revenue generated by Drug 1
11. Drug2_Sales - Revenue generated by Drug 2
12. Drug3_Sales - Revenue generated by Drug 3
13. Drug4_Sales - Revenue generated by Drug 4
14. Drug5_Sales - Revenue generated by Drug 5
15. Drug6_Sales - Revenue generated by Drug 6
16. Drug7_Sales - Revenue generated by Drug 7
17. Drug8_Sales - Revenue generated by Drug 8

# Perform the following steps
1. Understand the dataset.<br>
    a. Identify the shape of the dataset<br>
    b. Set appropriate indices required for analyzing<br>
 <br>
2. EDA of the dataset. <br>
    a. Check for missing values<br>
    b. Identify skewness and distribution<br>
<br>
3. Analysis <br>
    a. Provide the overview of the data ( best and worst drug in terms of sales and units sold )<br>
    b. Weekly Analysis ( best and worst drugs sold in terms of sales and units sold )<br>
    c. Overall trend of how the drugs performed over the week.<br>
    d. Support the following with data and graphs